stock_request/stock_request/README.rst, before:

=============
Stock Request
=============

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--warehouse-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/13.0/stock_request
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-warehouse-13-0/stock-logistics-warehouse-13-0-stock_request
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/153/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module was written to allow users to request products that are
frequently stocked by the company, to be transferred to their chosen location.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

To configure this module:

* Go to Stock Requests > Settings

Users should be assigned to the groups 'Stock Request / User' or 'Stock
Request / Manager'.

## Group Stock Request / User

* Can see her/his own Stock Requests, and others that she/he's been granted
  permission to follow.

* Can create/update only her/his Stock Requests.

## Group Stock Request / Manager

* Can fully manage all Stock Requests

Usage
=====

## Creation

* Go to 'Stock Requests / Stock Requests' and create a new Request.
* Indicate a product, quantity and location.
* Press 'Confirm'.

Upon confirmation the request will be evaluated using the procurement rules
for the selected location.

In case that transfers are created, the user will be able to access to them
from the button 'Transfers' available in the Stock Request.

## Cancel

When the user cancels a Stock Request, the related pending stock moves will be
also cancelled.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues/new?body=module:%20stock_request%0Aversion:%2013.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* ForgeFlow

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Jordi Ballester (EFICENT) <jordi.ballester@forgeflow.com>.
* Enric Tobella <etobella@creublanca.es>
* Atte Isopuro <atte.isopuro@avoin.systems>
* Lois Rilo <lois.rilo@forgeflow.com>
* Raul Martin <raul.martin@braintec-group.com>
* Serpent Consulting Services Pvt. Ltd. <support@serpentcs.com>
* `Open Source Integrators <https://www.opensourceintegrators.com>`_

  * Maxime Chambreuil <mchambreuil@opensourceintegrators.com>
  * Steve Campbell <scampbell@opensourceintegrators.com>

* Héctor Villarreal <hector.villarreal@forgeflow.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/13.0/stock_request>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[IMP] stock_request: * Add search filters to Stock Request * Use SR Manager on action_confirm from testing for better extensibility

stock_request/stock_request/README.rst, after:

=============
Stock Request
=============

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--warehouse-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/13.0/stock_request
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-warehouse-13-0/stock-logistics-warehouse-13-0-stock_request
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/153/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module was written to allow users to request products that are
frequently stocked by the company, to be transferred to their chosen location.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

To configure this module:

* Go to Stock Requests > Settings

Users should be assigned to the groups 'Stock Request / User' or 'Stock
Request / Manager'.

## Group Stock Request / User

* Can see her/his own Stock Requests, and others that she/he's been granted
  permission to follow.

* Can create/update only her/his Stock Requests.

## Group Stock Request / Manager

* Can fully manage all Stock Requests

Usage
=====

## Creation

* Go to 'Stock Requests / Stock Requests' and create a new Request.
* Indicate a product, quantity and location.
* Press 'Confirm'.

Upon confirmation the request will be evaluated using the procurement rules
for the selected location.

In case that transfers are created, the user will be able to access to them
from the button 'Transfers' available in the Stock Request.

## Cancel

When the user cancels a Stock Request, the related pending stock moves will be
also cancelled.

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

There is no way to achieve Storck Request and Stock Request Orders.
It should be developed taking into account that only Cancel and Done
stock request can be archived.

It is also required to manage active field logically from Orders to SRs.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues/new?body=module:%20stock_request%0Aversion:%2013.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* ForgeFlow

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Jordi Ballester (EFICENT) <jordi.ballester@forgeflow.com>.
* Enric Tobella <etobella@creublanca.es>
* Atte Isopuro <atte.isopuro@avoin.systems>
* Lois Rilo <lois.rilo@forgeflow.com>
* Raul Martin <raul.martin@braintec-group.com>
* Serpent Consulting Services Pvt. Ltd. <support@serpentcs.com>
* `Open Source Integrators <https://www.opensourceintegrators.com>`_

  * Maxime Chambreuil <mchambreuil@opensourceintegrators.com>
  * Steve Campbell <scampbell@opensourceintegrators.com>

* Héctor Villarreal <hector.villarreal@forgeflow.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/13.0/stock_request>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
